# MsTROMM
##### JIN HO KIM, Department of information system
##### GA HEE HAN, Chinese Language and Literature
##### YU JIN HER, Department of information system
##### EO JIN LEE, Department of information system
----------
### Title: Ms. TROMM- Wise Secretary Application with Styler
----------
##### Proposal:
##### LG provides LG ThinQ applications to connect its home appliances and consumers and provide consumers with a better experience. The application allows LG's refrigerator, kimchi refrigerator, wash tower, washing machine, dryer, air conditioner, water purifier, styler, air purifier, dishwasher, and oven control with smartphones. Among these many home appliances, we would like to take a deeper look at the link between ‘LG TROMM Styler’ and ‘LG ThinQ’. ‘LG TROMM Styler’ is a home appliance that has been steadily loved by many consumers since its launch because it relieves consumers' discomfort with clothes that are worn every day but cumbersome to manage. LG TROMM Styler provides indoor drying functions, including basic clothing management functions such as steam sterilization, deodorization, and wrinkle relief. This 'LG TROMM Styler' allows you to use functions such as energy monitoring and smartphone remote control when linked to the 'LG ThinQ' application. We would like to propose software that can be used in addition to these applications. This software recommends specific functions of the styler and allows it to operate remotely. Specifically, the software recommends appropriate clothing or styler functions by referring to weather information and calendar information on the user's smartphone. This is expected to help users in their daily lives because it allows users to prepare clothes that meet the weather and schedule in advance.
----------
##### Introduction:
We are going to create this application with an emphasis on enhancing the value of LG TROMM Styler. Clothing functions as our second skin as one of the three basic elements of life, food, clothing, and shelter. We wear clothes every day and look at what the other person wears. In particular, it constitutes our egos through the process of choosing clothes and the habit of wearing clothes. Clothing is not only a basic purpose of protecting the body, but also a means of representing the value and status of the person wearing the clothes. Likewise, clothes are tools to complete humans, which are social animals. 
However, it takes a lot of time and effort to manage the clothes to wear every day. Especially, in Korea, difficulties in managing clothing at home have increased due to air pollution such as fine dust. Due to this situation, the demand for clothing management devices at home increased, and in May 2011, LG launched the ‘LG TROMM Styler’ (hereinafter referred to as ‘Styler’). Styler is loved by allowing clothes to be managed at home for dry cleaning and shows high growth in sales rates. Furthermore, stylers are developing into comprehensive home appliances including indoor dehumidification functions as well as clothing management. 
In addition to this, LG increased device accessibility by linking its app called 'LG ThinQ' with a styler.‘ LG ThinQ’ is a representative home appliance management app that provides smart home services based on AI. With this application, you can control not only home appliances, but also all parts of the house, as well as check product status and malfunctions anytime, anywhere. In a situation in which the market environment is rapidly changing from 'supplier-centered' to 'consumer-centered, LG is providing these services, believing that the role of AI technology has grown.
However, we found that most users always worry in front of the Styler, "What should I wear tomorrow?" This is because they put clothes in the Styler to take full care of them for tomorrow schedule. In this situation, we have introduced an AI-based recommendation system(hereinafter referred to as ‘Ms.TROMM’) to Styler to reduce this time of concern and promote consumer-centered value. 
Ms.TROMM recommends modes that can be operated by the Styler, styling, and scent. First,  Ms.TROMM makes recommendations based on the user's calendar. By linking the calendar, Styler mode is recommended according to the user's schedule, and user can select the Styler operation by their preference. Second, Ms.TROMM uses the weather API to recommend suitable for the weather or a Styler mode that suits with weather. Third, Ms.TROMM identifies the clothes and the material of the clothes in the Styler and recommends the appropriate Styler mode and styling information for the clothes. Finally, data is accumulated through the process of receiving user feedback after all recommendations, and Ms.TROMM provides more sophisticated personalized recommendations. Through this, people can reduce their time of concern in front of the styler every evening or morning, and the need for a styler in our lives will also increase. Also, it is expected that users will be able to receive positive values for LG and styler if Ms.TROMM is installed in the ‘LG ThinQ’ application. We plan to create this application with an emphasis on increasing the satisfaction of styler users through Ms.TROMM, a system that allows users to use stylers and experience better.
----------
##### Requirement
A.	Recommend styling according to the planned schedule in conjunction with the user's calendar.
Ms.TROMM recommends styling suitable for each situation for activities such as meetings and hobbies in conjunction with the user's calendar. For example, suits are recommended on days when meetings are scheduled. In addition, if the user is scheduled for a picnic with user’s family on the weekend, Ms. TROMM can recommend a combination of clothes for users and remind them of the schedule. Ms.TROMM can learn words related to the schedule and provide recommendations suitable for the situation even if the user writes down difficult or unfamiliar words on the calendar. In addition, after the recommendation, Ms.TROMM asks the user whether the recommendation was appropriate and through the feedback process, users can be provided with better recommendations by Ms.TROMM.

B.	Interworking with the calendar to recommend scents suitable for the planned schedule and linking with the fragrance system of the styler.
Ms.TROMM recommends a scent suitable for each situation in conjunction with the user's calendar, and if the user wants, the recommended scent can be applied to the clothes in the styler. For example, if it is determined as a holiday through the user's calendar, Ms.TROMM recommends a warm soap scent that allows users to spend the day comfortably. If the user likes the scent recommended by Ms.TROMM, then the user requests the scent user wants, and the LG Styler applies the scent to the clothes in the styler according to the user’s request.

C.	Recommend appropriate styler functions for clothes in the styler.
Ms.TROMM can identify the clothes in the current styler and the material of the clothes through the interlocking function with the LG styler and recommend the appropriate styler function. The user can deliver the function of the styler recommended through Ms.TROMM to the LG styler to request the LG styler for functions suitable for the material of the clothes in the styler. In addition, Ms.TROMM learns the user’s frequently used functions or preferred clothes, and accordingly, if the learned clothes are captured by the styler, styling is suggested with these clothes, or the styler function according to the user’s usual styler usage pattern is provided to the styler.

D.	Recommend appropriate functions such as dehumidification functions depending on the situation by learning the home environment such as humidity.
Currently, LG Styler users can use a dehumidification function through the Styler. Ms.TROMM can use this function to measure the environment (ex. humidity, temperature, etc.) of the space where the styler is located and receive recommendations for functions suitable for the environment (ex. dehumidification function, etc.) through the user's smart device, which allows users to easily control the styler.

E.	Identify the weather and user's schedule and provide appropriate recommendations according to conditions.
Ms. TROMM can identify the weather and make suggestions to the user according to weather conditions. For example, on the morning of a rainy day, Ms.TROMM can give notifications such as "It's raining today. Don't forget to bring your umbrella." Also, on the morning of the day when an important meeting is scheduled through interworking with the calendar, Ms.TROMM can give notifications such as "An important meeting is scheduled today. Don't forget to bring the documents and so on." In addition, according to the user's request and interests, traffic conditions, weather, etc. can be predicted in the morning, and daily schedules can be organized and briefed in the afternoon after work, or stock information can be provided.

F.	Learn the weather and user's clothes and suggest appropriate styling based on them.
Ms.TROMM may propose styling according to weather information by linking the weather API. If it is linked to LG's smart mirror, users' clothes can be registered in advance and registered clothes can be used. For example, on days when the daily temperature range is expected to be large, thick knitwear among registered user's clothes is recommended, and styling is suggested accordingly. Also, suits can be recommended on days when meetings are scheduled. In addition, if the user is scheduled for a picnic with user’s family on the weekend, Ms.TROMM can recommend relatively casual clothes among registered clothes using temperature data. After the recommendation, the user is asked if the recommendation was appropriate, and through the feedback process, the user can be provided with a better experience by Ms.TROMM.

G.	Learning the weather environment and situation, suggesting appropriate scents according to the situation recommended by experts, and linking them with the Styler's fragrance system.
Users can get recommendations for scents that suit the situation by Ms.TROMM using the weather API or learning the situation, and users can coat the recommended scents with clothes that users want in conjunction with the scent system of LG Styler. Users will feel more satisfied if recommendations can be made according to the advice of experts related to aroma in this process. For example, if it is predicted to rain through the weather API, Ms.TROMM can recommend, "Today is a rainy day. On rainy days, I recommend the warm soap scent recommended by expert A. Do you want me to add scent to the clothes inside the styler?” And if the user agrees, it provides reactions such as "I put on a warm soap scent! Have a good day” and adds scent to clothes through the linked LG Styler's fragrance system. Finally, whenever the recommendation process proceeds through feedback processes such as "Was today's recommendation accurate? ", the recommendation of TROMM can be more sophisticated.

